PROBLEM SET 01> AUGUST 13,2018
 SUBMITTED BY kiruthika.gopalsamy


1. What is a fast-forward merge? When do you get a fast-forward merge in git? 
  Git do a fast forward merge when we merge a branch that is ahead of your checked-out branch.The branch had a single commit (and could have had several) before the merge. The branch is ahead of the master at the point of the merge.It never diverged from the branch. At the time of the merge, Git recognizes this situation, so it fast forwards the master branch's pointer to match the merged commits.
2. What is a branch and why do you create a branch? 
The default branch name in Git is master.We use branches for parallel development of , so that we can focus different feature of the product at the same tmie.
3. Which of the following commands is used to create a branch in git 
    d. git checkout -b branchname 
4. Which of the following statements is true. 
 a. Github is a web-based hosting service for git repositories.  
 c. Git is an distributed,opensource version control tool 
5. Demonstrate collaborative functioning in GIT. From each team, one repository is to be used as a remote repo. All team-members must have atleast commit on the repository.  
  use Tortoisegit/Gitbash to achieve this. 
6. What is a merge conflict and when does a merge conflict arise? 
  In Git, "merging" is the act of integrating another branch into current working branch. taking changes from another context (that's what a branch effectively is) and combine them withcurrent working files.if two people changed the same lines in that same file, or if one person decided to delete it while the other person decided to modify it, Git simply cannot know what is correct. Git will mark the file as having a conflict. 
7. What is a  tracking branch in git and how do you set up a tracking branch? 
  Tracking branches are local branches that have a direct relationship to a remote branch.When we push and pull on that branch, it automatically pushes and pulls to the remote branch that it is connected with.
8. You have a cloned copy of a remote git repository on your machine. Due to connectivity issues, your machine is not able to connect to the internet. In absence of connectivity Will you be able to see the history of changes on the repository? 
9. Which command helps you to view the list of commits made in the git repository? 
 git log 
10. What is the difference between a fork and a clone in GIT? 
 Fork create an copy of someone's repository,Clone create an working copy in local machine
