<PROBLEM SET 02> AUGUST 09,2018
 SUBMITTED BY kiruthika.gopalsamy
1.Why should you use a version control tool? 
  It contain previous version/history
  In version control tool we should update reqularly, it help others to understand the changes 
  It maintain history of changes.

2. Which of the following correctly describes what a unit test is 
     a. It is a level of software testing where the individual units are tested.
     d. Unit tests usually involve asserting the final output against the expected output using the inputs provided as part of the tests.

3. What are the various build tools used in Java?
 Maven
 Ant
 Gradle
4. One of your projects fail compilation errors due to missing JAR files that are needed for your project. Which of the following tools can help to fix the errors

 Apache Maven
 
5. What is meant by a "commit" in a version control Tool?  
  Commit will create a version.It  is a process of storing changes from private workplace to central server. After commit, changes are made available to all the team.

6. Which utility can be used to move deployment packages across servers;

  a. Git   

7. How is system testing different from unit testing and Integration testing?
 The System testing we analyze the behavior of the whole system according to the requirement specified  in Acceptance criteria. Integration testing aims to check if the different sub functionalities or modules were integrated properly to form a bigger functionality.Unit testing is defined by testing small pieces of code, typically individual functions, alone and isolated.   
8. What are the some of the metrics that are measured/evaluated during a performance testing phase?
  Speed - Determines whether the application responds quickly
  Scalability - Determines maximum user load the software application can handle.
  Stability - Determines if the application is stable under varying loads


9. What is meant by Regression testing?
 
   Regression testing is the process of testing changes to  programs to make sure that the older programming still works  with the new changes

